# Reflection

The rhetorical goal for my project is to raise awareness about the modern-day holocaust that is occurring in China to the Uyghur Muslims. This has been happening for almost 5 years and nothing has changed since then. The audience I am reaching out to is everyone since not many people are aware that this is happening. The design choices I made in this project are taking two images of people both in concentration camps from different time periods and setting them side by side with each other symmetrically. The image on the left is Uyghur Muslims in China and the one on the right are the Jewish people from WWII. My visual argument is portrayed to show that Uyghur Muslims and the Jewish people are looking at each other knowing they are in the same predicament. I added a text above this image stating "Don't Let History Repeat Itself" with 50% opacity to emphasize that a modern-day holocaust is occurring and we should raise awareness to stop it. In addition, above these images, I added the year that the photos were taken to show that the mass murder of a particular group of people is happening again today, and is not a thing of the past. In my visual argument, there is a contrast between the images. One is in color and the other is black and white. This shows a big difference in time between the photos. The text color of the years (2017, 1940) is red with a black background which provides a dark theme to the visual argument since this is a terrible event happening today. 